chore: new bundle size tool (#18010)
microsoft/fluentui: packages/bundle-size/README.md

## `@fluentui/bundle-size`

A tool to measure bundle size locally and on CI.

> **To ensure that we are measuring the same artifacts as customers `bundle-size` requires to build packages first.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> NOTE: `bundle-size` requires to build packages first before doing any kind of measurements. Make sure to accommodate this in your pipeline**
```

> 

Reviewer: **suggestion:** I'd recommend to follow "standard" chapters for a package documentation like following:

```
### Install
- not applicable atm

### Usage

- I'd put fixtures and measures example in here

### API

- not applicable atm

### Commands

#### measure
```

wdyt?

Author: Makes sense 👍 Applied in 25b135e.
